README.md, before:

# employee-tracker

## [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## This repository contains the Javascript and SQL files for the employee tracker challenge for module 12. It allows the user to access the employee database through the command line. 


>## Table of contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Questions](#questions)


### The following image shows the web application's appearance and functionality:

![screenshot](https://github.com/rashida53/note-taker/blob/main/note-taker.png?raw=true)

## [**Installation**](#table-of-contents)

To install this aplication on your device, please follow these instructions:

This application can be run on your machine locally by cloning thhe git repo and running `node index.js` in the command line/terminal.


## [**Usage**](#table-of-contents)
The employee tracker takes in user inputs through inquirer prompts and makes database queries to the mySQL database. The user can choose to view employee data, add roles, departments or employees, view employees by managers or departments and update employees and employee managers.


## [**License**](#table-of-contents)
This project is licensed under the [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) license.

## [**Contributing**](#table-of-contents)
If you wish to contribute to this project, you can visit my github and add to this application!


## [**Questions**](#table-of-contents)

If you have any questions regarding this repo, feel free to reachout on [github](https://github.com/rashida53) or via [email](rashidamk21@gmail.com).

Commit message:

Add function for utilized budget

README.md, after:

# employee-tracker

## [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description
This repository contains the Javascript and SQL files for the employee tracker challenge for module 12. It allows the user to access the employee database through the command line. The user can choose from the following options:
- View all depaartments
- View all roles
- View all employees
- Add a role
- Add a department
- Add employees
- Update employees
- View employees by department
- View employees by manager
- Update employee managers
- View utilized budget of a department


>## Table of contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Questions](#questions)


### The following image shows the web application's appearance and functionality:

![screenshot](https://github.com/rashida53/note-taker/blob/main/note-taker.png?raw=true)

## [**Installation**](#table-of-contents)

To install this aplication on your device, please follow these instructions:

This application can be run on your machine locally by cloning thhe git repo and running `node index.js` in the command line/terminal.


## [**Usage**](#table-of-contents)
The employee tracker takes in user inputs through inquirer prompts and makes database queries to the mySQL database. The user can choose to view employee data, add roles, departments or employees, view employees by managers or departments and update employees and employee managers.


## [**License**](#table-of-contents)
This project is licensed under the [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) license.

## [**Contributing**](#table-of-contents)
If you wish to contribute to this project, you can visit my github and add to this application!


## [**Questions**](#table-of-contents)

If you have any questions regarding this repo, feel free to reachout on [github](https://github.com/rashida53) or via [email](rashidamk21@gmail.com).
